# CS-330-Comp-Graphic-and-Visualization-Portfolio
- How do I approach designing software?
- After this project, the way I approach designing software has changed for the better. This was the first project I have done that enveloped the entire course, so the decisions I made, in the beginning, impacted how I worked through each step. Because of this, I dedicated some time to ensuring the design is modular and that each function had a sole purpose. If something broke, I did not want to have to sift through lines of code so this approach made sure that what I was working on could be slotted into the main program and work, if it didn't, it was that module’s fault.
- How do I approach developing programs?
- A large part of this project for me was including automation in the program. Designing by hand each and every vertice was a nightmare and had to be done for certain custom shapes, but for common primitives like spheres and cylinders I wanted a function that I could toss some modifiers into that would spit out exactly what I wanted on the other side. From here on out, I want to develop programs with smart uses of algorithms because it not only saves time but is immensely satisfying to execute
- How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
- This computation graphics and visualizations course set the groundwork for what I want my career to become. I love working with graphics and shaders so the intimate time I spent with OpenGL was amazing and I can't wait to dig into its advanced topics. Also, the increased use of C++ has been something I've craved and has helped increase my understanding of the language tenfold.
